STUCK AT HOME. Life inside your house for more than four months.
So we all know the Coronavirus right?If you don’t know, get your head out of the clouds.
so today was the first day stuck at home can you believe that the teachers kicked us out like that (I secretly think that they're thinking of killing us with more schoolwork and homework than ever!)It was pretty easy back then.
I thought we were only staying for two weeks but noo I was so wrong you know what day it is today?the 24th of April!! six weeks stuck at home with my annoying brother, my serious dad and my relaxing mom.
And my dad still has to work ( my mom is not working from home thankfully I don’t get a lot of her) my dad doesn't have a desk at home so where does he go you ask? Well I have a desk in my room so he goes in there at the worst times and sits down and asks me to leave like I have a sign on my door that says do not come in and now for more than three hours of the day I can’t go in my room!!!
(The 25th of April) Now that we Have online school it’s really hard for me, you know why? Well when I’m at home I like to watch t.v. and now I can’t and I’m at home so you can see why it’s hard.
Do you have pets at home? I have a kitty and two birds!! But I really want a dog.So I made a deal with my parents if I clean up the cats poo and the birds poo for thirty days I can have a puppy!!But guess what I just figured out that my brother is’t helping!!!
 (The 26th April )There is one good thing that I can do. I made a group chat for me and my friends. We call each other whenever we can!!!
 You know how many hiding spots you can find to hide from your family? I found six already, how about you?oh I just found out that my room doesn't have a lock.
 I didn’t worry about locking my door back then but now is the time to get a lock you know to hide from my brother.
(The 27th of April) So right now I really like to decorate my room with arts and crafts (you know to  get away from my family)but today I came into my room and found Ella ( my kitty) eating all the tops of my colored pencils!!
Great, now I can’t draw now I bet you have this in mind why  don’t you just sharpen the pencil you ask?
Well that's easy my mom decided to buy the world's hardest sharpener…so whenever I use it my hand hurts!!!
and I have more than twenty-five pencils. I wouldn’t have a hand to write this if I sharpened the pencils.
(The 28th of April)Do you ever feel so bored that you’re hungry? Well for me you can say I ate the whole fridge in two days(or is it just me??)
I’m so bored at home.
 So I had a great idea. I make a video game at home but the super villain is my brother. I'm faster than  him so  I’ll totally win and it will be fun to beat him.So the video game idea is a fail you want to know why?
 My brother started crying because I was faster than him(crybaby) but guess what I found? my beach toys! me and my brother had a water fight outside it was so awesome but really cold!
(The 29th of April)So you remember the lock thing. My parents bathroom has a lock so I go there when I need peace and quiet but the bad thing is there is a light switch outside the bathroom that is the bathroom light switch.
There's two one inside one outside so when my brother knows that I’m in the bathroom he turns off the light and I know that your thinking why don’t you just go to the light switch in the bathroom well because when you use the one outside the light switch inside doesn't  work so I have to go outside and turn off the light switch that’s outside and then go back in and turn the light switch inside and there that was very confusing.
(The 30th of April)So today I woke up and heard a crash. I went as fast as I could but I was too late!!!(so just to catch you up I have a fake tree in my house but Ella loves to climb it back to the story)Ella knocked over the tree on top of my moms computer it didn’t break it completely but it did break!!I tried to bring it back up but it was too heavy and I don’t know how nobody woke up like there was a crash. Oh yeah everybody is in quarantine  how could I forget.
So I had to wait until everybody woke up. It took awhile I’m just going to say that.Finally my mom woke up when she saw it I swear  she had a mini heart attack!!
When she found Ella she she it’s too scary to say here but it was sure something!!
(The 1st of May)So I woke up today and heard my pet birds fighting. They sounded so evil.I went to see if everything was ok yeah it was not. Today I was really up to making a cake. I asked my mom she said in the most grupy voice ever’’ sure '’.okay that was boring.So I started on the cake( if you laugh at me when I die I WILL come haunt you!!)after the cake ( I think everyone knows how to make a cake right?)My dad was looking at the cake and found something black right inside the cake it turns out that when I turned on the mixer a piece fell into the cake!!
I was so embarrassed I’m only writing this because uhhhh ummm I really don’t Know?It’s part of my crazy story!!!!
(the 2nd of May)My head is melting from staying too much at home!!! I woke  and started talking gibberish then started YELLING!!!PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE!!!Okay sorry I had a tantrum it’s just uhhh boring!!
I haven’t seen anybody but my family in more than 4 months (sooo can someone come save me??)
(The  3rd of May)Today was pretty good. We had a barbecue but I had to sit on the floor(really!!)and when me and my brother were playing soccer I kicked the ball too high and it went to the neighbors backyard. We had to go to them and ask if they could pick it up for us ( I was so embarrassed!)( and yes we stayed six feet apart)
Ella is starting to get the habit of eating things that are not supposed  to be eaten.Like today she started chewing my slipper when my foot was in it(I think she is crazy!!!)
(The 4th May)Just so you know I’m writing this at night `cause…...Ella Loves to chew my hair I had to stay up all night while Ella was comfortable!!So when she left at 4am I could finally  sleep.
 and I slept  until 12pm. What can I say I was tired.So my aunt bought me and my  brother a screaming spider you scream and it moves my brother was screaming the WHOLE DAY yes you heard me SCREAMING and I would try mine but I think my head exploded!!
So my mom had this great idea we make our favorite emojis and turn them into our family!But my brother thinks that I am the annoying emojis umm do you know what I’m doing right now?
 Writing a book you are playing video games YOU’RE the annoying one.(The 5th of May)So my brother kicks the wall at night so my wall is connected to my brother's wall so whenever he kicks I hear it.
we just figured out that our birds don’t have names so today me and my brother are going to pick names I want the names to rhyme because they’re husband  and wife soooo it would make more sense right?
yeah so today I kinda stopped doing the poop picker upper because ewww I hated it one time I went to pick up the birds poop one peed one my hand!!! Just because he was scared!!!! MY HORRIBLE QUARANTINE ENDING fianallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
 
 
 
 

